Somebody asked me, "What you think about aliens and
UFOs?  Do they exist? Are they real?"
We need to know the reality.  First of all there
has never been an evidence about UFO.
Even people talk about it.  Last night it was interviewed by
Larry King Live.  There were...he introduced a few people.
Especially few people are interviewed in the Texas, a small village.  And they
say they have seen a long light like a mile long light.
And came to the close to the Earth and
disappeared.  Yes, they see the light.
But that is not UFO, that is light.
We have lot of stars, moons.  We have lot of airplanes going here and
there.  They can create certain kind of light if it is cloud.
If there is a UFO coming from somewhere from the
other world we will spot it out right away.
We have a very advanced technology.  And we can take the real photograph.
Even we can take in this period of time like picture of the auras.
They're not subtler than aura - if they exist.
We have technology.  I will comment on this that there is
no UFO such a thing.  Yes, there are aliens.
Because the other world exist.  This is not the only
planet where we live.  There are another planets.
Alien exist.  But they don't come here.  They cannot
come.  We need lot of advanced technology to travel.
Even we cannot go...we have hard time to go beyond
this space.  To enter to the space even.
We need lot of power to enter to the space.  So they are too.  If
they live on the other planet, they have hard time to come on this planet.
And if they somehow they come, they are not coming just for
fun or to abduct you in the dream!  No.
They don't come for that purpose.  If they will come they will come
to see the other planet.  And they will communicate with you.
They will try to communicate with you with whatever
their language is, whatever their gestures are.
They will understand that you are human too or
they are animals or they look like different.
But yes, aliens exist.  Because there are other planet.
It is not the only solar system.
There are other solar system.  There is galaxies.  There are
millions of galaxies and millions of planets where they are alive.
The aliens exist.  UFO is just a conception - is a misconception.
We need to condemn this.  There is no evidence, there is no proof.
UFO...no UFO.
The government doesn't have any aliens.  That is not true also.
Because if they have aliens, they will show us because it is
not a secret.  People think that it is a secret.
They cannot capture alien.  They can capture human from this
Earth, from other country, but we are all aliens anyway.
So if they capture alien, what is big deal about it?
Because all the other countries immigration through...you have to go through the immigration.
We call them aliens.  We are all aliens here.
I don't see any big deal about that if they capture 10
alien, but not from the other planet.  That is sure.